Singapore - [jasonm23@gmail.com](mailto:jasonm23@gmail.com) - +65 8717 4344 - skype: jasonm23

# Online

* [Github: @jasonm23][jasonm23]
    - (+ [@emacsfodder][emacsfodder] [@ocodo][ocodo])
* [Twitter: @ocodo][twitter-ocodo]
* [Stack overflow profile: slomojo][slomojo]

## Profile

I'm a self-taught polygot software developer,

My programming experience began at the age of 11 (in 1982), with the
advent of the home microcomputer, and the Apple II.  I originally
learnt BASIC, 6502 and z80 assembly languages, which began by copying
code from magazines (do they still have those?), a couple of years
later I learned rudimentary Pascal and C, and in time many others.

My industry experience begin in 1987, where I worked in UK local
government as a programming assistant, working with MVS & COBOL, APL,
CICS on IBM System/370 mainframe, and DEC/VAX VMS, as well as IBM
PCs/XTs and the brand new PS/2s ;)

Over the years I have always aimed to enhance my skills and
perspective, improve practices, and help people and companies improve
and strengthen their software and development ecosystems. During my
career I've worked in many industries banking/finance, pharma,
chemical, energy, security, gaming, media, advertising and
entertainment.  As a result I've gained a wide range of insights and
cross-polinisations, of technologies, industry practices and human
nature.

I am an enthusiastic proponent of automated testing, TDD/BDD,
continuous integration, static analysis, consistent maintainable code,
agile development practices, and pair programming.

## Experience

### CTO OpsManager 2013 - 2015

I am currently the CTO of OpsManager, based in Sinagpore.  OpsManager
develop a web app which manages Drilling Services Companies, looking
after reporting, equipment maintenance schedules and so on.  It's most
unique feature is it's use of offline capabilities of the browser,
holding a large dataset offline.  This enables remote drilling sites
to stay operational, even when they have spotty network coverage, and
they often do.

Our technology stack is RoR + Rspec, with CoffeeScript + Knockout +
Backbone + Jasmine, and Haml, Scss.

My role is to guide and nurture my team of engineers, and I try to
provide a great working environment.  I also write a substantial
amount of code myself, in Ruby, CoffeeScript, with TDD/BDD coverage in
Rspec and Jasmine testing DSLs.

### Freelance Software Developer and Consultant 2011 - 2013

I worked with numerous customers around the world and locally to
Sydney, developing complete systems. Largely using Ruby on Rails or
Sinatra for back-end services/api's and HTML5/CSS/Javascript (using
Kendo, AngularJS, JQuery) for web based clients. Mobile app solutions
using Cordova/Phonegap (using the same HTML/CSS/JS technologies) for
both Android and iOS platforms.

Also native/obj c iOS developement, developing a few of my own apps,
as well as customer apps. I also provide infrastructure consultancy
and help my customers set up and use issue tracking, wikis, continuous
integration (using Jenkins), and version control using git, with web
based control interfaces where necessary.

I've also had the chance to focus on new and emerging technologies and
expand my experience with technologies I've grown to adopt as
preferences. I've able been able to work more actively with Open
Source, I actively contribute to the Cordova/Phonegap project and
the Emacs community, as well as many other small projects.

### Application Development Consultant - Centrebet - 2009-2011

I was contracted to architect and develop a Live Betting web client,
in Flex4, which leveraged legacy gaming systems to provide realtime
gaming data and pricing, and to integrate with existing third-party
online bet placement systems.

After the successful development, delivery of the product, and
in-house developer application extension & maintenance training, I was
awarded a further contract to outline the architecture of a Cash Kiosk
based system and it's supporting infrastructure servers.  The
developed system around the Microsoft stack specifically .Net WPF and
WCF.  I developed the software for the POS kiosks and cashier units
and also developed the server based infrastructure services and
enterprise integration systems. Deployed issue tracking integration
with version control, set up continuous integration with Hudson, and
set up automated build and deployment, and added a "all systems go"
monitor for the development team / management to see build status at a
glance.

Due to the acquisition of Centrebet by SportingBet in late 2011, the
project was cancelled.

### Senior Developer (in assoc. Geronimo Labs/RocketBoots) - 2009

Participated in the development of a financial industry back office
system based on Flex4 and .Net technologies. Working within a SCRUM
(agile) based project team and primarily developing WebOrb remoting
based components in Flex4/Gumbo, also creating development tools to
automate various tasks (using a variety of scripting languages.)
Deployed CI server Hudson, to run the continuous build and deployment
operations for the project.

### Tech Lead/Developer, Publicis Digital; Sydney - 2008/2009

Led development on a variety of web based projects, using
JavaScript/jQuery, AS3, AS2, ASP.NET, ASP, PHP and Ruby. Also
introduced several development and project tracking/management and
build processes, including issue tracking, source control, and
continuous build/integration. Mentored junior development
staff. (Hudson/Redmine/svn)

### Developer, BMF; Sydney - 2008

Development in Flash AS3 and ASP.NET for a variety of projects.

### Technical Consultant/Developer, SimplyMedia; London - 2008

Restructured company tech processes, overhauling version control,
continuous integration / build, project and issue tracking
systems. (Hudson/Redmine/svn)

### Flex Consultant/Team Leader, Tribal DDB; London - 2007/08

Led a team of 11 developers comprised of contractors and permanent
staff, to build Flex front-end and middle tier framework for VW
UK. developed a variety of developer and asset/content tools (using
Ruby & Python).

Also Introduced TribalDDB Londons to a set of processes and working
practices, using issue tracking, version control integration,
continous integration/build. (Hudson/Trac/SVN)

### Interactive Development HOD, Endemol Digital / Victoria Real; London - 2006/07

Interactive Development team Head for Endemol Digital Media Uk
(formerly Victoria Real). The team was entirely composed of contract
workers, numbering 15 at maximum capacity. Overseeing development and
defining standards and practices for all interactive projects.

Handling projects for the Endemol group of companies internally, plus
a steady stream of projects for numerous of external clients.

### Developer, BBC New Media; London 2005/06

Worked on live BBC websites for BBC2 and BBC THREE and the iPlayer
pilot. Specifically working with streaming video, and in addition
worked with the planning team for the new BBC THREE website. Also
developed desktop tools to assist content providers.

### Web developer, Various. London agencies. (2000/05)

Numerous contract roles for a wide range of advertising and media
clients in the London Metro area, developing client and server
systems, in a range of technologies.

(please contact me if you require information prior to 2000, I omit for brevity/relevance.)

# Skills Sample

## Programming Languages and Tech Skills

- OOP, SOLID, DRY, TDD/BDD

- Ruby, Python, CoffeeScript, TypeScript, JavaScript, Objective C,
PHP5, C#/.Net, C, C++, Java, Perl5, Unix/Linux Shell Scripting
sh/bash/zsh, PowerShell, a few different Lisps, especially
Emacs/EmacsLisp.

- Continuous Integration (with Jenkins/Hudson and CruiseControl),

- Version control with Git, Svn, CVS, VSS, Perforce, hg/Mercurial & bzr.

- Issue Tracking Systems, PivotalTracker, Jira, Trac, Redmine, Bugzilla.

## Auxillary Business Skills

People and project management (usually software developers),
tech-lead, business analysis, training, mentoring, candidate
selection/hiring/firing, profit/loss responsibility, marketing,
graphic design.

# Interests and Hobbies

I spend much of my free time coding, making music, graphic art, or
taking photos. The rest of my free time is spent travelling or just
being with my wife and daughter.

## Referees

Available on request.

[slomojo]: http://stackoverflow.com/users/311660/slomojo
[ocodo]: https://github.com/ocodo
[emacsfodder]: https://github.com/emacsfodder
[jasonm23]: https://github.com/jasonm23

  * [twitter-ocodo]: https://twitter.com/ocodo
